icadmin011.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=false type=None containerd_dedicated_disk=false wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
icadmin012.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=false type=None containerd_dedicated_disk=false wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
icadmin014.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=false type=None containerd_dedicated_disk=false wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster150.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster151.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster152.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster153.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster154.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster155.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster156.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster157.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster158.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster159.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster160.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
# iccluster161.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster162.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster163.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster164.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster165.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster166.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster167.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster168.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster169.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=None cpu_worker=true gpu_worker=false type=S8 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/sdb wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster170.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster171.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster172.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster173.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster174.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster175.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster176.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster177.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster178.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster179.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
# iccluster180.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster181.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster182.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster183.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster184.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster185.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster186.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster187.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster188.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster189.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster190.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster191.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster192.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster193.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster194.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster195.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster196.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster197.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster198.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster199.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster200.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster201.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster202.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
# iccluster203.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster204.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster205.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster206.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster207.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster208.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-v100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G9 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster209.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster210.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster211.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster212.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster213.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster214.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster215.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster216.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster217.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster218.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster219.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster220.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster221.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster222.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster223.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster224.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
iccluster225.iccluster.epfl.ch gpu=nvidia-a100 cpu_worker=false gpu_worker=true type=G10 containerd_dedicated_disk=/dev/nvme0n1 wipe_containerd_dedicated_disk=false
